Head Tracking README

WARNING:
Using this plugin may cause headaches if it is not set up properly. If you feel
the distorted view is causing you problems, please, take our advice: stop using
it! We won't be held responsible for any sickness you feel from staring at a
constantly distorting screen for extended periods of time.

Overview:
Headtracking is a fairly simple plugin (really, it is!) that uses one of two
methods to track the location of your face (more specifically, your eyes) and
then morphs your Compiz display to appear to be truly 3d. For example, if you
move your head right, the vanishing point on your screen moves to the right.

The plugin also does one other thing, but I'm thinking of moving it to its own
plugin for various reasons: it stacks your windows in 3d while keeping the main
window at screen level (or further up, a setting is available). Without this,
the effect would be impossible to fully grasp. The further back a window is,
the further back it actually is in 3d space in Compiz.

Anyway, enough rambling - all this means is that you can take a webcam, hook it
up, start Compiz, enable this plugin, and (assuming your webcam works with
OpenCV), have your entire desktop appear as if it were a three-dimensional
hologram with depth beyond your monitor.

So, cool, 'eh?

Read on for some history:
This plugin started out as a port of Johnny Chung Lee's Wiimote-based head-
tracking algorithm to Linux, with usability in mind. The plugin itself never
had any direct interaction with a Wiimote - SmSpillaz wrote the `wiimote`
plugin for that. Instead, it allowed `wiimote` to send head location data
and we just did all the magic to convert two points into a 3d position.
Amazingly, it worked, though not perfectly. The wiimote isn't as good as
it could be for that sort of thing. The biggest problem was that you had
to attach some lights to your head! After a while, progress slowed - the
thing worked, who cared? Eventually, I lost Git access due to the the faulty
RNG-in-Debian bug having made me a bad public key. Never, until now, did I
actually bother to send a new one. As the project sat idle, another coder
came and picked it up, integrating it with Intel's OpenCV libraries - giving
it new hope and ease of use. Now all you need to use Head Tracking is a simple
webcam (though preferablly a higher-quality one). After seeing his work, I was
both honored and amazed at how well it worked. And so here we are. We've taken
the original Wiitrack, made it more generic, changed to "Head Tracking", and
fixed up some things, and we have a working product.

